Update Readme.md (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/wpf-dashboard-how-to-manage-dashboard-parameters-in-code: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T830592)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Dashboard for WPF - How to Manage Dashboard Parameters in Code 

This example shows how to change a default or user-defined [dashboard parameter](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/400012) value in the [`DashboardControl.CustomParameters`](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/DevExpress.DashboardWpf.DashboardControl.CustomParameters) event handler. The effective parameter value is hidden from users. Set the [`Visible`](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/DevExpress.DashboardCommon.DashboardParameter.Visible) property to `false` to hide the parameter from the **Dashboard Parameters** dialog.

> In this example, the **parameterState** dashboard parameter whit static look-up settings is added to the dashboard. This dashboard parameter is used to filter the data source. The [Dashboard Parameters](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/400012) displays the values and enables users to select a parameter value from the list. In the [`DashboardControl.CustomParameters`](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/DevExpress.DashboardWpf.DashboardControl.CustomParameters) event handler, we can change the value provided by the user before it is passed to the query.

Reviewer: 1. Please change "whit static look-up settings" to "**with** static look-up settings".

2. `The [Dashboard Parameters](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/400012) displays the values and enables users to select a parameter value from the list.`

Do you mean "The Dashboard Parameters display" (plural) or "The Dashboard Parameter displays" (singular)?

3. `In the [`DashboardControl.CustomParameters`](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/DevExpress.DashboardWpf.DashboardControl.CustomParameters) event handler, we can change the value provided by the user before it is passed to the query.`

Please change "provided by" to "supplied by".

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, the **parameterState** dashboard parameter with static look-up settings is added to the dashboard. This dashboard parameter is used to filter the data source. The [Dashboard Parameters](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/400012) dialog displays the values and enables users to select a parameter value from the list. In the [`DashboardControl.CustomParameters`](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/DevExpress.DashboardWpf.DashboardControl.CustomParameters) event handler, we can change the value supplied by the user before it is passed to the query.
```
